Dirty Drawz
October 23, 2016 Feedback on UI From Kelly and Simon

Attending at the Meeting:
Kelly, Simon

Team: Lindsey, Shawn, Sharron, Alex 


Want the zip code to automatically populate the City/neighborhood field. 

Fragrance free: Yes or No 

Put on a caption so that people know to click on the item to add suits. 

The water temperature: Default to cold water if they don't know what temperature to use. Have it automatically select cold for wash temperature and low temperature for drying temperature. 

Say special instructions instead of notes in the Notes field. 

Under Laundry we should add a button that the user can click on that says bleach, yes or no, and seperated colors. A dollar for bleach and a dollar for seperated colors. 

If we go to their website and we click order online the prices on there should be the correct prices. 

For where (pickup and drop off): They agree on this page. 

They like the map on the order summary. 

If we finish everything and have a working app then we will have a second app that they can use to tell the users that their order has been picked up. 

They will get an email confirmation about the order. 

They will get a notification on their phone telling them an order has been placed.

We will have the database notify kelly and simon that an order has been placed. 

Kelly likes it :) 

Press the history of the orders they just placed. If it is highlighted in color than it is a just placed order and not finished yet. 

They are going to make some changes to their package plan. 

How are Kelly and Simon going to keep track of the package plan. Create a 6 month and a year package. Will we be able to see how many pickups they have left. The can see how many they have left on the account page. 

They can send their GPA by email, make sure it is not something they can fake. For the GPA incentive they are going to only make that available for the colleges they work with. 

No Contact us page. 

Promotion page where users can recommend users and get discounts. 

Where do they want us to put share buttons? Put it on every page other than the ordering page. 

Group of social media buttons that they can choose from.... (how are they going to code this?)

If they offer a review then they get a slight discount on their purchase. 

Jia You! 

If someone presses forgot password then it goes to the password recovery. They enter username or email and then they can reset password. Then they shall get a link. 

With the pictures we don't like. Will Tim make us images of things. We shall try and go off free stuff at first. If we can't then we shall ask him. If we need things then Kelly and Simon
will help. We shall let them know what they find in terms of images. 

They want access to the mockups so they can ask more detailed questions. 
